Transformer put away or still 1 win happy start of
Start of the day when it is forward of 3 points in these 4 games
We aim for victory at home by appointing Motoyama of the first start of this season
On the other hand, Srest Osaka with no loss and strong sales
Attention is also good enough to write forward in game 3 points
The first half of the 24 minutes Antlers Endo's through-pass trip
Gathering
Actively aiming for a goal
35 minutes on one side
Each tarin to the long ball from the all keeper
It is from 37 Kunni goal goal melee before sex
Kiritani forcedly to shoot
And show the tenacity of the two points
It is called climbing 13 that we met at 0 to 0
Antlers and from the defensive front is day by keeper bidding
The way you get to where you dropped
Ah ah ah ah
I did not miss the prepared play Da Bin
Endo's first goal was Team 1200 's Memorial Goal
Ceres who lost the point changes to Simplicio Blanco
Introducing Ward's Minamino and Sugimoto
Then by solo
From Sugimoto that took the ball in midfield
Of Inami
And Sugimoto again
It does not connect to the score but creates a form of attack
One Antlers will not loosen the attack
Accept
And from the injury to the back of the pitch and the forward of two people pitch
Then 30 minutes
From residents like the left side large Sato
Dai Sato from 10 person to further just before the end of
It will not be scored but there are two devices that are aggressive
Do not give Celest a chance to fight back
The match kept the opening goal at 1-0 and scored the 2nd win of the Antlers this season
Was